mv_all_chars             ac
mv_arg                   mv_arg
mv_base_directory        bd
mv_begin_string          bs
mv_case                  cs
mv_cat                   mv_cat
mv_column_op             op
mv_coordinate            co
mv_delay_page            dp
mv_dict_end              de
mv_dict_fold             df
mv_dict_limit            di
mv_dict_look             dl
mv_dict_order            do
mv_exact_match           em
mv_field_names           fn
mv_first_match           fm
mv_head_skip             hs
mv_index_delim           ix
mv_list_only             lo
mv_matchlimit            ml
mv_max_matches           mm
mv_min_string            ms
mv_more_id               mi
mv_more_matches          MM
mv_negate                ne
mv_numeric               nu
mv_orsearch              os
mv_pc                    mv_pc
mv_profile               mp
mv_range_alpha           rg
mv_range_look            rl
mv_range_max             rx
mv_range_min             rm
mv_record_delim          dr
mv_return_all            ra
mv_return_delim          rd
mv_return_fields         rf
mv_return_file_name      rn
mv_return_reference      rr
mv_return_spec           rs
mv_search_field          sf
mv_search_file           fi
mv_search_immediate      si
mv_search_line_return    lr
mv_search_page           sp
mv_searchspec            se
mv_searchtype            st
mv_session_id            id
mv_sort_field            tf
mv_sort_option           to
mv_spelling_errors       er
mv_sql_query             sq
mv_substring_match       su
mv_unique                un
mv_value                 va
